short little video here for you
the handy so some have
I slowly pointed out that way
as it looks with tau states and
that should be slow, too
finally do it for you and so on
and so on and there are some
cards that I need too
and that means now and wisdom
the easiest way is yes she gives now
first my little folder with maps
combo cards that I trade and if you
then something should need there
get in touch with me by pn
if the video does not allow it
because no idea is to s ground it is
change the spam and that 's just the
table cards I need
they exchanged the language for the writing
I then somehow in the description
or something like that and yes, if somehow
my card already be gone here
should someday weaken because of that
and still just say
then i will do that in vienna too
add description so look up
any case the description a very
important and that is actually the case now
still the cards the hoses and it
as I said I need right now
a second deck and I need a couple
cards for and there would be very happy if
some would report makes it easy
any offer
Please do not tell me to lie to you
I say
but there are just a few cards I have
In any case, I need you and I will
just keep coming back to the
description override therefore
is definitely clean up here
have first go so fix yes
Actually quite chic wanted law
school type namely three whole- cash
as well as not calculated
name here eg lava tosics economics and
still a long way then fresh today
exchanged the atx I wanted
for another covers build but I have
I decided now unceremoniously because
two decks really rich one
Lick what I meant that's actually
I'm done there, I do not have anything left
I was improving myself too
a second one
it's good because there are two pieces
is really the maximum that is that
sophie chaos out of yes and kiriasis
I decide today really thick
Fuld has a 2 inch take
I have that from my very first
Display mounted style icon is exhibit
stop for the exchange day and again
gladly seen
since we are dividing here
terrarium and co bali I remodel all
not here normal black bmx white
gmx and again black bmx then
we still wanted loos shakes here
and boris ex the cards at everything
optimally perfect state impulse
Today I am a trading co bajric super
I'm not sure if I prefer
but maybe already and stole
think you see can therefore still
third come and kobalia one more
I need all the cubal real estate
we do not have machines at all
I do not need pekhart here
failure should be exact for the receiver
should be very good for the collectors among you
be interesting because yes it has one
Schanigarten superstar is likely to win
for the collectors among you on each one
be very interesting
wikis now comes a few more holos here
again a gold dream if someone has
I want coca cola three times I need
absolutely garden is clicked sound yes
Also not sure if I am the offender
Wise and stall the cold and comics we
is also quite cool & click long lasting
extremely morbid it also morbid this
pretty cool as we sing holy lola coal
today also pulled out of the water
really cool still a quarter
peru flame kilian
Last year, Kataloges got reverse
hollow
everyone here and a bulli every time
just close up again
this is not for you that we
each other stallbohm replicator are here
So no, I do not worry in any case
is there any one of your card
it should take because of the gland
finished on par with the monster cards
even easier school had others
cards that actually look cool to me
find that the mega jet ski lava me
shut up well then lost
I the small copies of his as
three times left without gaddafi
land and water play that with the
I have some monsters here
other reverse solo cards are taking place here
the fighter is legally actually
here
the effect of which the reading easy
shit is the opponent then stop too
However, benefits from it that's it
I do not really have any more here
so i hope that to everyone
I think I will be in the coveted case
here something here from the first
I think so both sides
I hope there is a find yourself
some who also exchanged something with mine
they want and they also hold the cards
I really want to be very young
thank you for being a friend
to listen
sign up in any case by pn
facebook fanpage or what do I know
maybe also twitter and then
Can all this be arranged?
Therefore, quite good again
on road